Valeria's got a small apartment where she
lives with her family.
Tonight, they are gathered around the
dinner table for a special meal together.
The family likes to talk and bother
Valeria, Carrot.
Hey Valeria, what do you do now?
Asks her Uncle Josh.
Well, I'm a high school teacher.
And I've got some amazing students.
Valeria answers.
Cool!
Do you have a boyfriend already?
Or are you still single?
Says her Grandpa.
Oh, come on Grandpa.
Can you please stop asking those questions?
Complaints Valeria.
To be honest, he can't.
Dad says.
I think she's still single.
No man wants to date a teacher.
She'll be trying to teach him all the time.
Says her cousin Mark.
Hey, what about Daniel?
He's a good man.
Says her mom.
He's cool, but he's not interested in me.
We're just friends.
Says Valeria.
Is he a school teacher too?
Asks Aunt Mary.
No, he's the school's dean.
Says Valeria.
So, do you have a boyfriend?
Cousin says.
No, I don't have a boyfriend and I don't
want to have one yet.
Valeria says.
And Daniel, does he have a girlfriend?
Aunt asks.
No, he doesn't have a girlfriend.
He has a dog and he treats it like a
human being.
I really can't tolerate it.
He even brings his dog to the office.
I fell the other day when I slipped on
the dog's urine.
Yuck!
Don't worry about it.
Just marry him.
How old is he?
Oh my gosh.
You've got to be kidding me.
I'm going to hit the sack.
I'm tired of all these questions.
Valeria is trying to sleep when her phone rings.
Hello?
Who is it?
Valeria says.
No answer.
Hi!
Who's there?
Valeria insists.
Something dark is happening in your family.
Slowly says an unfamiliar voice.
What are you talking about?
Who do you want to speak to?
Valeria asks, starting to worry.
Something dark is happening in your family.
The voice says again.
I don't understand.
Why are you telling me that?
Valeria asks.
Valeria is in her bedroom trying to
recover from that horror scene when
someone comes into her room.
The person is agitated and can barely speak.
Valeria!
Your brother's missing!
What?
Wasn't he out in the backyard a few
minutes ago?
He was, but now he isn't.
Valeria is shocked.
He was happy to try toã†.
Be my dear.
I'm not by the man.
CC por Antarctica Films Argentina